Bug fixes. (#1662)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1019-1-1-inventory-role-permission-to-view-asset-models-in-asset-model-page.md

---
date: 2023-12-14
title: User with inventory role permission can now see all Asset models in Asset model page 
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: CTM-648
version: 1019.1.1
---

> User with inventory role permission can now see all Asset models in Asset model page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with access only to specific assets via inventory roles can now view all Asset models in Asset model page 
```
